




Get Featured On There's An AI For That

























  


 












12,499 AIs for 15,231 tasks and 4,804 jobs.
Powered by Vizly (Data analysis).

389,155 searches today
/


#1 AI aggregator. Updated daily. Used by 20M+ humans.



AIs For YouNew AIsTasks For You
 


YouTube
Submit AI
School
Companionship
SEO
Summaries
Chatbots
Music
Funny


















Featured







Home





Just Launched





Requests



Tasks





Timeline





Submit / Advertise





Job Impact Index






Community





Subscribe












My Profile
My Saved AIs
Dashboard
Settings
Logout















 

 







 /Get featured What would you like to do?





Submit tool





Update tool





Highlight tool





Get featured




Submit a new AI tool
Submit a new AI tool to the database. We'll review it and add it to the database if it's a good fit. Otherwise we'll automatically issue a full refund.


Ad insights
Price: $347
Estimated clicks: 700 - 10,000+
Estimated cost per click: $0.005 - $0.2
Note: listings don't expire, so you will keep receiving traffic from us forever. Results vary depending on how new your tool is. The newer the tool is, the higher it will be on the page, the more traffic it will receive.
Audience insights
Daily page views: 60,000
Monthly page views: 6,000,000
Monthly unique visitors: 1,800,000
Average ad CTR: 1.3%
Traditional methods of launching and growing apps don't work well for AI.
Growing an AI app the old way

1. Brainstorm ideas
2. Build app
3. Launch on Product Hunt
4. 90% chance of getting very little traffic (most traffic goes to top apps)
5. Spam everyone you know (you can only do this once), or buy upvotes (expensive and might get you banned)
6. If things go well and you're in the top 5, traffic dies after 1-2 days
7. Scramble to bring more traffic
8. Reach out to top AI newsletters, get ignored
9. Traffic is not targeted, low or zero conversions
10. Wait 6 months for SEO to kick in
11. The AI space has moved on and your app is now old

Growing an AI app with TAAFT

1. Use TAAFT for market research. Find high demand low competition niches
2. Build app
3. Launch on TAAFT
4. Get hundreds of targeted visitors guaranteed within the first week. No more buying upvotes, no more spamming people you haven't talked to in months.
5. Guaranteed inclusion in the largest AI newsletter (400k+ subscribers and growing)
6. Once the spikes from the launch and the newsletter die down, continue to receive traffic from user searches. searches today: 
7. TAAFT search traffic brings in users who are specifically looking for an AI app like yours, leading to targeted visits, higher intent, and better conversion rates.
8. You can focus on building the product instead of scrambling to get users
TAAFT has similar traffic to Product Hunt (see the data for last month here and here). But all our users are interested in AI tools, so the targeting is much better.





Update AI tool information

Requests are processed with high priority, within 1 business day. Once the payment is complete, you will be redirected to an online form where you will be able to submit your required changes.
For example, if you'd like to change the description, paste the new description in the form. You can also update the title, category and featured image.
Important: we cannot update URLs. If you moved to a new domain, please use a redirect.





Highlight your AI
Stand out in the sea of AI tools


Highlight your organic listing to attract more clicks. This will increase the number of clicks you receive.
Besides standing out from normal listings, highlighted listings also lead directly to the destination site, further increasing traffic (over half of users who open a regular AI listing never click through to the external website).
On average, you can expect your organic clicks to increase by 100%, sometimes more.
New: highlighted AIs now stay on the front page for as long as they are highlighted.







Pay per click ("Featured" section)
You focus on building, we bring the users.


Run pay-per-click ads in our "Featured" section in addition to your existing listing.
Your position in the list is determined by your bid. The higher your bid, the higher your AI will be on the list*.
This can be combined with the Highlight option to get even more exposure, faster.



*Valid for users who are not logged in. Exceptions apply for logged in users based on individual preferences.


Audience insights
Daily page views: 60,000
Monthly page views: 6,000,000
Monthly unique visitors: 1,800,000
Average ad CTR: 1.3%




What people have to say

















View more


User persona

Users of There's An AI For That typically fall into one or more of the following categories:

AI enthusiasts
AI founders
Entrepreneurs and indie hackers
Tech bloggers and AI influencers

There's An AI For That is the largest AI aggregator, and as such, we are a primary source of information for hundreds of AI influencers, bloggers and owners of AI newsletters, not to mention the hundreds of websites that republish our content every single day.




URL of the tool you want to submit
We accept: AI tools, GPTs and AI influencers (non-human). All submissions are manually reviewed by our staff.


Extras:


Highlight ($99/mo)Up to 4x more clicks



Get featured (pay per click)Up to 60x more clicks









Total: $49

Pay




Select the tool you want to highlight


Select the tool you want to promote






Bid per click:
A higher bid means more clicks per day.



Don't worry, you'll be able to change this later.


Number of clicks:



Min 1,000
Max 50,000







Website only
Listing + Just Launched
$299
Your tool will show up in Just Launched


Everything you need
Listing + "Just Launched" section + Newsletter mention
$347
2M+ monthly active users400k+ subscribersNewsletter feature worth $3k







Total: $347
Join thousands of AI makers.

Pay








Total: $99
Renews monthly. Cancel anytime.

Pay








Bid per click: $0.2
Number of clicks: 1,000

Subtotal: $200
Bulk discount: 0% ($0)

Total: $200
Delivery starts immediately.

Pay


Custom campaign
Sponsorships
Manage my ads

Frequently Asked Questions
 
Is the submission fee one-off or recurring?
The $347 submission fee is one-off.
 
How long does it take for my AI to get published?
The average processing time for submissions is 1-2 days.
 
Will I get notified when my AI goes live?
Yes, you will receive an email notification when your AI goes live.
 
Will I be able to edit my AI after it goes live?
Yes, we will send you instructions on how to edit your AI for free.
 
How many clicks do you recommend for a Featured AI?
Our traffic fluctuates and can increase up to 30x when our website goes viral. For this reason, we recommend you keep a buffer of at least 2,000 clicks at all times, so as not to miss out on viral waves.
 
How are clicks measured?
Clicks are counted when users visit your website via the ad. Duplicate clicks within a certain time window are ignored.
 
Will I be able to change my bid later?
Yes, you can change your bid in real time from your advertiser dashboard
 
What's the difference between highlighted and featured?
Highlight is a flat-fee subscription, which increases your AI's CTR (click-through rate), therefore acting as a traffic multiplier. Featured listings are Pay-Per-Click and appear in the left sidebar on desktop. You can combine Highlight and Featured for maximum effectiveness.
 
How do I become a sponsor?
There are limited sponsor spots, so sponsorship requests are subject to approval. For enquiries, reach out on Twitter.
 
I have the budget for it. How do I make a big launch?
If you have the budget for it, go for the Highlight + Featured + Sponsorship combo. Combined with a fresh listing, you'll be under the spotlight for a month or more. Very powerful!
 
What is the refund policy?
We guarantee a full, automatic refund if your AI doesn't get published, as it sometimes happens due to our editorial policy. We also refund ads/sponsorships provided they haven't started yet.
 
Do you work with agencies?
Yes, we do! In fact, our advertiser dashboard is optimized for running ads for multiple AIs at the same time. If you are an agency, AI event organizer, incubator, etc, feel free to reach out and we'll gladly assist you in any way we can.
 






Home





Search




My saved AIs



Free signup






Just Launched





Featured





Requests



Tasks





Timeline





Job Impact Index







Forum





Newsletter





Submit / Advertise



My Saved AIs
Builder dashboard
Settings
Logout






My Profile












There’s An AI For That SRL5 HalelorBucharest 030118Romania
Submit new AI



AI Tools
Promote AI
Highlight AI
Request an update
Most Saved
Influencers
Manage ads


Company
Documentation
Affiliate program
Sponsor us
We're hiring


About
About us
Terms
Privacy
Contact us
Newsletter












© 2024 There's An AI For That. All rights reserved.





















Join the biggest AI community

Subscribe to our exclusive newsletter, coming out 3 times per week with the latest AI tools. Join over 470,000 readers.



Join the newsletter






Help

⌘ + D bookmark this site for future reference
⌘ + ↑/↓ go to top/bottom
⌘ + ←/→ sort chronologically/alphabetically
↑↓←→ navigation
Enter open selected entry in new tab
⇧ + Enter open selected entry in new tab
⇧ + ↑/↓ expand/collapse list
/ focus search
Esc remove focus from search
A-Z go to letter (when A-Z sorting is enabled)
+ submit an entry
? toggle help menu

✕








Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsApp
Copy link


Sign in to continue (100% free)
To prevent spam, some actions require being signed in. It's free and takes a few seconds.


Sign in with Google

By continuing, you agree to our Terms and Privacy.


✕
















0 AIs selected

Clear selection

View list



#
Name


Task






Choose listing type:

Free toolFree
Tools that are either completely free or open source.


Paid tool$20
Paid or freemium tools, or tools that are part of a larger paid suite.













