



Sponsor Us - There's An AI For That

























  


 












12,499 AIs for 15,231 tasks and 4,804 jobs.
Powered by Vizly (Data analysis).

391,107 searches today
/


#1 AI aggregator. Updated daily. Used by 20M+ humans.



AIs For YouNew AIsTasks For You
 


YouTube
Submit AI
School
Companionship
SEO
Summaries
Chatbots
Music
Funny


















Featured







Home





Just Launched





Requests



Tasks





Timeline





Submit / Advertise





Job Impact Index






Community





Subscribe












My Profile
My Saved AIs
Dashboard
Settings
Logout















 


 







 /Sponsor us

Custom campaignsWebsiteNewsletterLinkedInX / Twitter
 Sponsorship Options

Custom Campaigns
We design each campaign to meet your AI's unique needs, ensuring maximum engagement and effective conversions.

Custom AI Launch Plan
Introducing our Custom AI Launch Plan, tailored to introduce and elevate your AI solution with a bespoke multichannel campaign. This plan includes a comprehensive strategy to capture attention and drive results across various platforms. *Includes free tool submission on TAAFT.


Unbounded impressions


Book now



 
Website Sponsorship Opportunities
Gain unparalleled visibility with our website sponsorship opportunities. A prime way to showcase your brand or product across our entire site.

Main website sponsorship - 3 days
Get a link and a tagline of up to 5 words below our logo. This is the ad slot with the most visibility on our platform.


720k - 840k impressions


Book now


 
Main website sponsorship - 1 week
Get a link and a tagline of up to 5 words below our logo. This is the ad slot with the most visibility on our platform.


1.5M - 1.9M impressions


Book now


 
Main website sponsorship - 2 weeks
Get a link and a tagline of up to 5 words below our logo. This is the ad slot with the most visibility on our platform. Save 8% by using this option.


3M - 3.8M impressions


Book now


 
Main website sponsorship - 4 weeks
Get a link and a tagline of up to 5 words below our logo. This is the ad slot with the most visibility on our platform. Save 15% by using this option.


6M - 7.6M impressions


Book now



 
Newsletter Campaign Options
Our 'There's An AI For That' newsletter showcases the latest and best AI tools and goes out 3x/week to over 750k AI enthusiasts. Read by employees of leading tech companies and thousands of AI influencers and bloggers.
Frequency: 3 times per week (Mon, Wed, Fri)Subscribers: 750k Open Rate: 23%Click-through rate: 4%Top readers origins: 67% USReaders profile: Interested in productivity and entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurs, Business Owners, CreatorsClicks (Main Sponsor): 1,200 - 3,100Estimated CPC: < $4

Sponsored Deep Dive
This segment offers a detailed look at the key features and functionalities of your offering, presented through an engaging narrative and supported by 2-4 illustrative images. With over 500 words at your disposal, you can convey the essence and utility of your product to our readers. To ensure a comprehensive and thoughtful presentation, please arrange your deep dive at least two weeks before the desired feature date.


2,400-4,200 clicks


Book now


 
Main Sponsor — Newsletter
Main sponsor slot, displayed at the top of the newsletter. Up to 160 characters and two CTAs, text large banner image.


1,200 - 3,100 clicks


Book now


 
Main sponsor - Newsletter (3 issues)
Main sponsor slot, displayed at the top of the newsletter. Up to 160 characters and two CTAs, text large banner image. Get 5% off with the 3x pack. Sponsor slots can be scheduled over several weeks.





Book now


 
#1 spot in Featured AIs
Short, one sentence ad on the first position of the 'Featured AIs' section in the newsletter. 1 spot available per issue. Estimated clicks 500-800.


500-800 clicks


Book now


 
Coming in Hot Mid-Section Ad
Short, one sentence ad in the middle of the 'Coming in Hot' section in the newsletter. 1 spot available per issue. Estimated clicks 200-400.


200 - 400 clicks


Book now


 
Classified Ad
Short, sponsored link in the 'Notable AIs' section. 3 spots available per issue. Estimated clicks: 100-300.


100 - 300 clicks


Book now



 
LinkedIn
Dedicated LinkedIn post for your AI tool, with a link to your website.

LinkedIn post
Dedicated post on our LinkedIn account to promote your brand or tool. Ideal if you want to increase your brand's visibility, raise awareness regarding product launches or networking events or simply gain more followers.


1500-2500 clicks


Book now


 
3x LinkedIn post
Dedicated post on our LinkedIn account to promote your brand or tool. Ideal if you want to increase your brand's visibility, raise awareness regarding product launches or networking events or simply gain more followers.





Book now


 
5x LinkedIn post
Dedicated post on our LinkedIn account to promote your brand or tool. Ideal if you want to increase your brand's visibility, raise awareness regarding product launches or networking events or simply gain more followers.





Book now



 
X / Twitter
Engage with our vibrant community through sponsored social media posts. Choose from Twitter, LinkedIn, or a combination to maximize your reach.

Sponsored tweet
A tweet on our account to promote your tool or brand. Great if you're trying to drive sales to your website, raise awareness about an event or gain more followers.


200-400 clicks


Book now


 
2x Sponsored tweet
A tweet on our account to promote your tool or brand. Great if you're trying to drive sales to your website, raise awareness about an event or gain more followers. Save $100 by choosing this.





Book now


 
3x Sponsored tweet
A tweet on our account to promote your tool or brand. Great if you're trying to drive sales to your website, raise awareness about an event or gain more followers. Save $150 by choosing this.





Book now


 
5x Sponsored tweet
A tweet on our account to promote your tool or brand. Great if you're trying to drive sales to your website, raise awareness about an event or gain more followers. Save $350 on this option.





Book now



 







Home





Search




My saved AIs



Free signup






Just Launched





Featured





Requests



Tasks





Timeline





Job Impact Index







Forum





Newsletter





Submit / Advertise



My Saved AIs
Builder dashboard
Settings
Logout






My Profile












There’s An AI For That SRL5 HalelorBucharest 030118Romania
Submit new AI



AI Tools
Promote AI
Highlight AI
Request an update
Most Saved
Influencers
Manage ads


Company
Documentation
Affiliate program
Sponsor us
We're hiring


About
About us
Terms
Privacy
Contact us
Newsletter












© 2024 There's An AI For That. All rights reserved.





















Join the biggest AI community

Subscribe to our exclusive newsletter, coming out 3 times per week with the latest AI tools. Join over 470,000 readers.



Join the newsletter






Help

⌘ + D bookmark this site for future reference
⌘ + ↑/↓ go to top/bottom
⌘ + ←/→ sort chronologically/alphabetically
↑↓←→ navigation
Enter open selected entry in new tab
⇧ + Enter open selected entry in new tab
⇧ + ↑/↓ expand/collapse list
/ focus search
Esc remove focus from search
A-Z go to letter (when A-Z sorting is enabled)
+ submit an entry
? toggle help menu

✕








Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsApp
Copy link


Sign in to continue (100% free)
To prevent spam, some actions require being signed in. It's free and takes a few seconds.


Sign in with Google

By continuing, you agree to our Terms and Privacy.


✕























