




Transparency Center - Google Product Policies and Policy Areas
































    Jump to content
  




















                Transparency Center
              



















                Transparency Center
              









                  Overview
                



                  Our approach
                



                          Our process
                        



                          Taking action
                        





                  Our policies
                



                          Product policies
                        



                          Privacy, terms & AI
                        





                  Accountability
                



                  Tools & programs
                



                          Reporting & appeals
                        



                          Partner programs
                        





                  Researcher Engagement
                















Transparency Center
Learn about policies across Google
























Find a product policy
Search by product or explore all








Report a violation
Find information and forms for reporting








Learn about our process
Discover how we develop policies at Google








Read about accountability
Explore how we’re committed to transparency


 










Our mission to make information universally accessible and useful starts with making our products safe. Explore our Transparency Center to understand the policies that keep users safe from harm and abuse, as well as information about how we develop and enforce those policies.



















Taking action to ensure safety across the web











5.2B

bad ads blocked
In 2022, we blocked billions of bad ads across Google products to protect users from scams.1



11M

YouTube videos removed
More than 11M videos removed in the second half of 2022 for violating our Community Guidelines.2



437K

URLs de-indexed
In the second half of 2022 alone, we removed over 437,000 URLs reported for CSAM from Google Search results.3






    Explore Transparency Reports
      






















Policy across Google













          Maintaining a healthy digital ecosystem
        
Billions of people turn to Google every day for high-quality, reliable information and trusted experiences online. We take our responsibility seriously to uphold the integrity of our products and services and build user trust. Our terms of service, product policies, developer policies, and Community Guidelines exist to keep users safe as we strive to deliver on our mission.












 

















 


          Maintaining a healthy digital ecosystem
        
Billions of people turn to Google every day for high-quality, reliable information and trusted experiences online. We take our responsibility seriously to uphold the integrity of our products and services and build user trust. Our terms of service, product policies, developer policies, and Community Guidelines exist to keep users safe as we strive to deliver on our mission.






















 


          Dedicating teams to trust and safety
        
We invest in research and technology to obtain insights into how our products and services could be misused and to mitigate potential risks. Our teams work tirelessly to create and implement data-driven and scalable policies and standards that protect our users by ensuring the responsible use of our products and services.




















 


          Dedicating teams to trust and safety
        
We invest in research and technology to obtain insights into how our products and services could be misused and to mitigate potential risks. Our teams work tirelessly to create and implement data-driven and scalable policies and standards that protect our users by ensuring the responsible use of our products and services.













Preventing harm and abuse across our products





























          Setting clear rules for our products
        
To protect our users, we create policies that establish what types of content and behaviors are not acceptable for each Google product or service.












 

















 


          Setting clear rules for our products
        
To protect our users, we create policies that establish what types of content and behaviors are not acceptable for each Google product or service.





 








          Taking action against violations
        
Our product policies guide the enforcement actions we take every day as we track emerging threats and address violations in a timely manner.












 

















 


          Taking action against violations
        
Our product policies guide the enforcement actions we take every day as we track emerging threats and address violations in a timely manner.





 








          Sharing guidance with creators and developers
        
In developing our policies, we work closely with experts and the global community of developers and creators who use products like Google Play and YouTube to connect with audiences and build their businesses.












 

















 


          Sharing guidance with creators and developers
        
In developing our policies, we work closely with experts and the global community of developers and creators who use products like Google Play and YouTube to connect with audiences and build their businesses.





 








          Establishing trust through transparency
        
We regularly release information about government requests to remove content, as well as the actions we take to protect our users and platforms from content that violates our policies or local laws. We believe in being open and transparent about our work.












 

















 


          Establishing trust through transparency
        
We regularly release information about government requests to remove content, as well as the actions we take to protect our users and platforms from content that violates our policies or local laws. We believe in being open and transparent about our work.





 













Addressing the range  of policy areas















Product policies
Learn how Google sets the terms, rules, and guidelines for users, developers, and creators by product. 


          Explore Product policies
        






Privacy, terms & AI
Learn how Google approaches privacy to protect your information and sets clear expectations with Terms of Service. 


          Explore Privacy, terms & AI
        


 






















 


          A commitment to transparency
        
Discover more about how we regularly release information about government requests to remove content, as well as the actions we take to protect our users and platforms from content that violates our policies or local laws. Also learn how content recommendations work across Google products and services.


    Explore Transparency
  
 



















 


          A commitment to transparency
        
Discover more about how we regularly release information about government requests to remove content, as well as the actions we take to protect our users and platforms from content that violates our policies or local laws. Also learn how content recommendations work across Google products and services.


    Explore Transparency
  
 














          Tools for content feedback, reporting and appeals
        
Find helpful tools to provide feedback about content, reporting and appeal certain enforcement actions. Also learn more about our partner programs dedicated to fighting harm across the web.


    Explore Tools & programs
  
 











 

















 


          Tools for content feedback, reporting and appeals
        
Find helpful tools to provide feedback about content, reporting and appeal certain enforcement actions. Also learn more about our partner programs dedicated to fighting harm across the web.


    Explore Tools & programs
  
 























Meet our leaders




























Google strongly believes in open access to information. At the same time, we also have a deep commitment to protecting people online. Our policies help keep both people and their personal information safe.
Danielle Romain,  VP of Consumer Trust, Google
 








Every day, people around the world turn to Google for reliable information and trusted experiences online. That’s why we have robust policies and enforcement to protect our users across our platforms and work with industry partners, governments, and civil society to build a safer, more secure internet.
LAURIE RICHARDSON,   VP OF TRUST & SAFETY, GOOGLE
 








In a world where anyone can be a publisher, and social platforms can scale and spread content to millions of people, misinformation is a stubborn problem. Our aim at Google is to give you the information you want, the answers you need, and the accuracy you deserve.
MATT BRITTIN,  PRESIDENT OF GOOGLE EMEA
 








We strive to enhance access to information for the betterment of individuals and society through the development of data-driven and scalable policies and standards by ensuring responsible access across our products.
DAVID GRAFF,  VP OF GLOBAL POLICY AND STANDARDS
 






















Footnotes
1 Google Ads Safety Report, March 2023
2 YouTube Community Guidelines Transparency Report, September 2022
3 CSAM Transparency Report, December 2022




 






          Follow us
        


















                Transparency Resources
              









                    Ads Transparency Center
                  



                    Transparency Report
                  








                About our products
              









                    How Search Works
                  



                    How YouTube Works
                  



                    Help Center
                  








                Responsibility
              









                    Public Policy
                  



                    Protecting Children
                  



                    Safety Center
                  



                    Responsible AI
                  

















            About Google
          



            Google products
          



            Privacy
          



            Terms
          











          Help
        







