

















Discourse is the place to build civilized communities | Discourse - Civilized Discussion





















Skip to content



Harness the power of AI for your community with Discourse AI ✨.  Learn more!











☰

×



              About
            



                  What is Discourse?
                



                  Who we are
                



                  Customers
                



                  Wall of love
                



                  Partners
                



                  Careers
                





              Features
            



              Success Stories
            



              Enterprise
            



              Pricing
            



              Resources
            



                  Blog
                



                  Community
                



                  Demo sandbox
                



                  Getting started
                



                  Community management
                



                  Use cases
                











The online home for your community
We make it easy to connect and collaborate anytime, anywhere

        Build your community
      







You’re in good company
Every day 50 new Discourse forums are created
Discourse now powers over 20,000 online communities of all shapes and sizes, including: 






































See more of our customers








                  Discourse is a world-class, modern, community platform that has been my choice for many of my clients. What’s more, they are a great team, and continuously innovate in making Discourse even better year-after-year. Highly recommended!
                



Jono Bacon
                    Community Strategy Consultant and Author of People Powered







                  The altMBA teaches people how to lead in a changing world, and it works because of the community. Our workshops are built on conversation, which is also why they’re built on Discourse. This one indispensable tool curbs the worst parts of social media and brings an incredible flexibility to our tech stack. It’s the part of our business I never worry about because I’ve seen the care, skill, and thoughtfulness that goes into building Discourse.
                



Alex Peck
                    CTO, Akimbo
                  






                  The more we get to know the Discourse platform, the more we fall in love with it. It’s simple and intuitive, but much more powerful than you imagine. We don’t know how many times we got lost cruising around checking out all the features. And, as a plus, we really enjoy working with the Discourse team.
                












Read more success stories





Thriving communities made easy











              Learn more about our features →
            











              Find your theme →
            









              Learn more about Discourse AI →
            



Features for every use case
Discourse enables thoughtful discussion and meaningful connections with features for every use case, from tracking product feedback to sharing your latest creations, now with the added support of AI.


Endless ways to customize
Keep the discussion healthy, on-track, and free from any inappropriate content with our best-in-class moderation tools and AI.


Quick chats and thoughtful discussions
An integrated experience for chat and long form discussions enables members to build relationships while your community builds knowledge.


Powerful moderation tools
Keep the discussion healthy and on-track with our best-in-class moderation tools.














I use Discourse every single day. It’s a wonder!


Seth Godin
            Entrepreneur, Author & Teacher
          


Build your community




A community you own




Fully open source
          The entire Discourse codebase is open and freely available to the public—forever.
        


Truly portable data
          No matter where your forum lives, you retain full ownership of your data. No lock-in, no hidden fees, no data sent to advertisers.
        


Unlimited conversation history
          Always have full access to your community’s conversation history—no questions asked.
        





Managed forum hosting from $50/month
Start your free trial


          Discourse is 100% free, open source forum software. Forever.
 Install from GitHub





Trusted by Enterprise customers
You get the infrastructure and support needed to ensure the success of your unique community
Learn more









Discourse is the most amazing thing we have ever used. We have never experienced software so reliable. Ever.


Jonathan Bulava
            Developer Advocacy at Twitch
          






World-class hosted customer support
With our responsive and helpful technical advocates by your side, no problem goes unconquered.




















            I wanna shout out the team at @discourse. Often we see Twitter used as a resource to commiserate on bad experiences with services but it’s wonderful to amplify the extraordinary. Every time I’ve needed help, the team at Discourse has been super responsive and helpful. Y’all rock.
          


              Hayley Rosenblum
            

              @HayleyFiasco
            







Over 3.3 million posts created and 650 million page views served in March on our hosting!




Sign up for our newsletter!
Get community tips and product updates delivered to your inbox



        We’ll use your email to send communications about the launch and future marketing materials from us. Don’t worry, we won’t share your email with anyone else and you can opt-out anytime by clicking “unsubscribe”.
      




Discourse is 100% free, open-source forum software. Forever. Meet the team that builds it.








®
        


Features & Pricing



              Pricing
            

Features
Plugins
Discourse AI
Migrations
Integrations
API



Company

What is Discourse?
Who we are
Customers
Wall of love
Partners
Careers
Blog
Legal Terms & Notices



Community & Support

Demo sandbox
Community
Contact us
Releases
Follow us on Twitter
Discourse on GitHub





        
        Content is by-nc-sa, Discourse® and Discourse Forum™, Copyright © 2024 Civilized Discourse Construction Kit, Inc. All rights reserved.
      

Built with love, Internet style
        | Privacy Information |
        Copyright Policy |
        Accessibility |
        Status |
        Sales Tax |
        Referral Promotion Terms










